[spinel-cli] extend spinel cli with vendor hooks module (#84)
openthread/pyspinel: README.md

#### ncp-ll64

Return the Link Local 64-bit IPv6 address for the node.

## Vendor package

> Extension of spinel-cli by specific vendor properties and commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extension of the Spinel CLI with custom properties and commands.
```

Idea of creating vendor package is to create specific commands without interrupting in spinel core.
Vendor module contain:

| MODULE        |    DESCRIPTION                                     |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------|

> | vendor        | Module providing a specific vendor commands        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vendor        | Module that provides specific vendor commands.        |
```

> | const         | Module with constants for vendor spinel extension  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| const         | Module with constants for vendor spinel extension. |
```

> | codec         | Module providing a Vendor property handlers        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| codec         | Module that provides vendor property handlers.     |
```

> In each module is provided example how to add specific vendor codec and constant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module comes with an example that shows how to add specific vendor codecs and constants. 
```

### Vendor commands

> 

Reviewer: Add the following shortdesc:

`The vendor package adds several vendor-specific pyspinel commands. Use the `help` command to list them all.`

Then remove the `#### help` section and keep the code snippet.

#### help
```bash
spinel-cli > vendor help
Available vendor commands:
==============================================

> help

Reviewer: Not sure what this means. If it is meant to replace the list of commands, can you provide the full list please? Like in the other PR? @LuDuda ?
